edit of AGMS317 (#688)
aerogear/mobile-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/proc_self-signed-certs.adoc

Android::
+
--
To install the cert on an Android emulator:

. https://support.google.com/android/answer/2819522?hl=en[Set screen lock] on the mobile device to ensure the certificate can be installed.
. Drag and drop the certificate file to the emulator. Check that the file is copied to the `Downloads` folder on the device.
. Install the certificate on your device:
+
.. Go to Settings > Security & location > Advanced > Encryption & credentials > Install from SD card.
You are prompted to choose a file.
.. Navigate to the `Downloads` folder and choose the certificate file.
The Android system detects the certificate and lets you install it. For more information, see the link:https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/2844832?hl=en[sample guide for Google Nexus devices].

To install the cert on a real Android device:

. https://support.google.com/android/answer/2819522?hl=en[Enable screen lock] on the mobile device to ensure the certificate can be installed.
. Copy the file to your device using one of the following methods:
+
* Email attachment (Recommended) - Email the certificate to an address accessible from the device and download the attachment.

> * Cloud service - Use a cloud storage service such as Dropbox or Google Drive which is accessible from the device, and download from the device.

Reviewer: is "_that_ is accessible from the device. " the correct grammar in here?

Author: yep, should be 'that'

> * USB - Attach the device to the machine using USB and drag the certificate to a devices file system.

Reviewer: "using a USB"

Author: removed, the point it to 'attach', USB is already mentioned.

** Use the https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/2840804?hl=en[example guide for Google Nexus devices].
The procedure might be different for other devices.
** Use the link:https://developer.android.com/studio/command-line/adb[Android Debug Bridge (adb) documentation^] for the push command to push the certificate to the connected device, for example:
+
----
$ adb push /tmp/localcluster.crt /sdcard/Download/localcluster.crt
----
. Install the certificate on your device:
+
If you are use the email or cloud service method, you are prompted by the Android system automatically to install the file.
Follow the instructions to complete the process.
+
If you are using the USB approach, you must install the certificate manually:
+
.. Go to Settings > Security & location > Advanced > Encryption & credentials > Install from SD card.
You are prompted to choose a file.
.. Navigate to the `Downloads` folder and choose the certificate file.
The Android system detects the certificate and lets you install it. For more information, see the link:https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/2844832?hl=en[sample guide for Google Nexus devices].

> To verify the self-signed certificate is installed correctly, use a browser on the deveice to open the OpenShift web console. You should not see any warnings or errors about the certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify the self-signed certificate is installed correctly, use a browser on the device to open the OpenShift web console. You should not see any warnings or errors relating to the certificate.
```
